add policy to readme (#176)
AdguardTeam/companiesdb: README.md

The favicon of the company website is used as the company icon. It can be checked using our icon service:

[https://icons.adguard.org/icon?domain=adguard.com](https://icons.adguard.org/icon?domain=adguard.com)

## Policy

| **Categories**                                                                                          | **Restrictions**                                         |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|

> | misc, audio_video_player, customer_interaction, social_media                                            | availability of a law firm, sufficient popularity of use |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| misc, audio_video_player, customer_interaction, social_media                                            | there should be a company the tracker belongs to, it should be sufficiently popular |
```

| pornvertising, advertising, essential, site_analytics, cdn, hosting, email, telemetry, mobile_analytics | will be added without restrictions                       |

> | stand-alone sites not related to any service                                                            | will not be added                                        |

Reviewer: This kind of sounds "too much". What we're trying to solve here is that people sometime may bring a personal blog or a small website. Maybe we should simply write about that?

Something like: "We are yet to come up with detailed policy. For now, we can make decision on inclusion a new tracker based on the personal preference. For example, we avoid adding personal websites/blogs, or services that do not appear to be popular enough."

Reviewer 2: @ameshkov Would it be easier to use a rule similar to that of the [AdGuard filter policy](https://adguard.com/kb/general/ad-filtering/filter-policy/#common-criteria) in terms of popularity? It seems to be working well so far.

> Website-specific rules will be added only if a website has sufficient traffic. Traffic is determined by open statistics (if available) or by other means, such as followers on social media. A website's traffic is considered sufficient when it has 100 thousand visits per month. We will consider adding a rule for a website that's not that popular, but the final decision is up to the filter list maintainer.

Reviewer 2: Good idea, putting a query cap on won't be future proof, so an alternative would be to use something like Cloudflare's domain ranking api to get the top x amount.

https://developers.cloudflare.com/radar/investigate/domain-ranking-datasets/

The favicon of the company website is used as the company icon. It can be checked using our icon service:

[https://icons.adguard.org/icon?domain=adguard.com](https://icons.adguard.org/icon?domain=adguard.com)

## Policy

We are currently in the process of developing our policy for adding new companies to our database, and we appreciate your patience as we work on this.

For now, we will only consider adding companies that meet the following criteria:

 1. The company must have a notable and influential entity that is widely recognized within its industry and/or technologies that are
    critical to the functionality of a website.

 2. Information about the company and its activities must be publicly available and confirmed by reliable sources, such as publication
    reports, public company declarations, reports of research organizations, etc.

>  3. The company collects and/or uses users personal information without their explicit consent

Reviewer: This is definitely not the case for half of the companies here :)
